who are you and your friend group there
are never two people alike in a friend
group moreover most of us can be easily
divided into five different friend
archetypes so which one are you let's
find out before you discover which role
you're playing among your best friends
be sure you hit the subscribe and ring
the notification bell to join us on the
bright side of life
okay so the instructions for this test
are pretty simple ten questions with
five options a b c d or e to choose from
all you have to do is answer honestly
and keep track of your answers at the
end your most frequently chosen letter
will reveal who you are in your friend
group so let's start with question
number one what do you most pride
yourself on a my responsibility I'm
definitely the person you can rely on be
my free-spirited nature I rarely follow
the crowd see my caring personality I'm
always there when my friends need me D
my sense of humor I can make anyone stay
brighter within seconds E my imagination
I have a whole other fantastic world in
my head
[Music]
question number two what's your spirit
animal
a Eagle be wolf
c-dawg d monkey e Swan
[Music]
question number three how would you
describe your style a classic and
conservative be badass and rock and roll
C casual and comfortable D risky and
unique e elegant and light
[Music]
question number four you have a movie
night at a friend's house what movie do
you want to watch a a detective or
thriller with a twisted plot and
unexpected ending be I'm up for any
horror movie you can find see a rom-com
d a comedy of course e something
inspirational and positive
[Music]
question number five what's your dream
career a I would love to be a teacher or
a psychologist B I want to do something
creative like being a singer actress or
director C definitely a doctor D I think
being a blogger or TV show host would
suit me the best E I think writing or
painting is my true calling
[Music]
question number six what's your biggest
flaw a I can be quite controlling
sometimes be I usually talk without
thinking which gets me in trouble
see it's hard for me to stand up for
myself
Dean I've run away from confrontation
and serious conversation II I'm often
out of touch with reality my head is
almost always in the clouds
[Music]
question number seven what's your
favorite social media platform a I don't
do social media be Instagram for sure
see Facebook D tumblr any day e
Pinterest
[Music]
question number eight your friends
usually come to you for a help be an
honest opinion see advice D fun e new
ideas
[Music]
question number nine pick the emoji you
use the most a a simple smiling face be
the one with the cool black sunglasses
see a heart D laughing crying emoji e
sparkles
[Music]
question number 10 you and your friends
are at a huge party what are you doing a
keeping an eye on my friends to make
sure they don't do something stupid B
I'm giving my all on the dance floor
see I'm helping out with food and drinks
d I'm in the corner somewhere laughing
with my best buds e I don't even think I
would go to that party I'm probably at
home or eating my favorite book and
drinking hot chocolate
[Music]
and that ladies and gentlemen was the
last question of the test so hurry up
and count how many times you used each
letter as the results are already in if
your most frequently used letter is a
you're the mom of the group you are very
responsible organized and reserved and
you always try to make sure that
everyone's safe and having a good time
even though your friends may tease you
for it a little bit they still love and
appreciate your rational mind and your
ability to be there for them no matter
what however your desire to be in
control of everything can be a serious
issue for your friends sometimes they
just want to have fun and do something
crazy with you but your well-ordered
nature doesn't let you do that try to
give yourself a break every once in a
while the world definitely won't
collapse if you let loose from time to
time if you mostly went for beef you're
the cool rebel of the bunch you're
independent opinionated confident and
full of fun and exciting stories to tell
you're usually the ones who organized
pranks or propose crazy schemes to your
group at the same time you're quite
impulsive and emotional which can lead
to conflicts and misunderstandings among
you and your friends still you're always
pushing them to be unapologetically
themselves and bring even more fun and
spontaneity into their lives and they
endlessly value your friendship for that
another possible problem though is that
it's often hard for you to talk about
sensitive topics and really open your
heart to somebody since you're so used
to maintaining a cool and unbothered
facade don't forget that we're all
struggling with something and being
vulnerable does it make you weak if
answers under the letter C were your
personal faves you're the peacemaker of
the group you're a very genuine sincere
and kind person who's always ready to
give a helping hand to anyone who needs
it
you're the friend everybody seeks
comfort and advice from because you're a
good listener and a really wise person
these qualities also help you keep your
group from breaking apart whenever
everybody suddenly starts to fight your
friends are very lucky to have someone
like you in their lives
but you're kind-hearted and caring
nature has its downsides too and the
main one is that you often forget to
dedicate time to yourself you're so
willing to solve everybody else's
problems that you barely have time to
figure out your own life make it a rule
to detox from others and spend more time
with yourself after all it's you that
should be your main priority not
somebody else if the majority of your
answers were D's you're the fun clown of
your group you are usually the one who
always throws sarcastic and hilarious
comments to make everybody around you
cry with laughter you like to kindly
tease your friends and make fun of them
but she never cross the line so they
know that it's all for a good laugh but
your impeccable sense of humor isn't
your only weapon you are very sweet and
protective and you have a huge heart but
in one way you're very similar to the
rebel type as it can be hard for you to
talk about something personal and reveal
your true feelings you always try to
crack a joke to avoid serious
conversation and as a result you bottle
up a lot of your emotions try to take
small steps toward being more open with
your buddies and show them your
sensitive side
finally if most of your answers are easy
you're the baby of your group you're
sweet and innocent and you have a very
vivid imagination which allows you to
come up with the most creative solutions
you have tons of hobbies and you're
passionate about pretty much all of them
and your ability to think outside of the
box makes you an even better creator
your friends usually get inspired after
spending time with you and go home with
tons of amazing ideas of their own and
the confidence that everything is
possible but despite all that you can be
very impractical and clueless at times
since you spend most of your time in
your dreams forgetting about the real
world
do your best to find a perfect balance
between living in the moment and having
your head in the clouds and your life
will become even more colorful and
interesting so what results did you get
tell us in the comments section below
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
Subscribe
day on the bright side
[Music]